Data Engineering
Data engineering is one of the most critical and foundational skills in any data scientist’s toolkit.

Data Engineering Process
There are several steps in Data Engineering process.

Extract - Data extraction is getting data from multiple sources. Ex. Data extraction from a website using Web scraping or gathering information from the data that are stored in different formats(JSON, CSV, XLSX etc.).

Transform - Transforming the data means removing the data that we don\'t need for further analysis and converting the data in the format that all the data from the multiple sources is in the same format.

Load - Loading the data inside a data warehouse. Data warehouse essentially contains large volumes of data that are accessed to gather insights.

# Working with different file formats
In the real-world, people rarely get neat tabular data. Thus, it is mandatory for any data scientist (or data engineer) to be aware of different file formats, common challenges in handling them and the best, most efficient ways to handle this data in real life. We have reviewed some of this content in other modules.

File Format
A file format is a standard way in which information is encoded for storage in a file. First, the file format specifies whether the file is a binary or ASCII file. Second, it shows how the information is organized. For example, the comma-separated values (CSV) file format stores tabular data in plain text.

To identify a file format, you can usually look at the file extension to get an idea. For example, a file saved with name "Data" in "CSV" format will appear as Data.csv. By noticing the .csv extension, we can clearly identify that it is a CSV file and the data is stored in a tabular format.

There are various formats for a dataset, .csv, .json, .xlsx etc. The dataset can be stored in different places, on your local machine or sometimes online.

In this section, you will learn how to load a dataset into our Jupyter Notebook.

Now, we will look at some file formats and how to read them in Python.
